:memo: docs init tools (#366)
it-at-m/refarch: docs/tools.md

Reviewer: At the end of the file I'd include a small section on how to use the RefArch renovate configuration (just like you did with the PMD configuration). This is useful when projects are not based on the refarch templates.

We should also provide the required code snippet for the renovate configuration.
```json
{
  "$schema": "https://docs.renovatebot.com/renovate-schema.json",
  "extends": [
    "github>it-at-m/refarch//refarch-tools/refarch-renovate/refarch-renovate-config.json5",
  ]
}
```

# Tools

For better developer experience the RefArch provides configuration presets for different tools.

This different configurations are described in the following.

> The tools itself are described in the [Organize](https://refarch-templates.oss.muenchen.de/organize.html) and [Develop](https://refarch-templates.oss.muenchen.de/develop.html) sections of the RefArch templates documentation.

Author: @devtobi here would be the question where to link

Reviewer: I think it will be sufficient to include the link to "Develop" here as this will be the page where we mention those presets.

Reviewer: I'd even add a information that states no further configuration has to be made when refarch templates are used, as in this case the configurations are included by default.

Author: Changed the RefArch templates reference and added to each section that the needed steps for usage are already done in the templates.

All available rules can be found in [the according PMD documentation](https://docs.pmd-code.org/latest/pmd_rules_java.html).

For using the ruleset, `de.muenchen.refarch.tools:refarch-pmd` needs to be added as a dependency for the `maven-pmd-plugin` plugin and the `refarch-pmd-ruleset.xml` needs to be added as a ruleset in the plugin configuration.
See following example.

```xml
<build>
    <plugins>
        <plugin>
            <groupId>org.apache.maven.plugins</groupId>
            <artifactId>maven-pmd-plugin</artifactId>
            <version>${maven-pmd-plugin.version}</version>
            <configuration>
                ...
                <rulesets>
                    <ruleset>refarch-pmd-ruleset.xml</ruleset>
                </rulesets>
            </configuration>
            <dependencies>
                <dependency>
                    <groupId>de.muenchen.refarch.tools</groupId>
                    <artifactId>refarch-pmd</artifactId>
                    <version>${refarch-tools.version}</version>
                </dependency>
            </dependencies>
            ...
        </plugin>
    </plugins>
</build>
```

## Renovate

> The provided [Renovate](https://renovatebot.com) configuration `refarch-renovate-config.json5` is based on the [it@M global Renovate configurations](https://github.com/it-at-m/.github/tree/main/renovate-configs).

Reviewer: I'd add a link to the `refarch-renovate-config.json5` file so people can take a look at what we extend upon the global it@M configs.

> Besides that there are some presets for tagging and restrictions for specific modules, so that Renovate doesn't suggest updates for dependencies which are pinned from the RefArch side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RefArch Renovate configuration extends with additional configurations for tagging and restrictions for specific modules, so that Renovate doesn't suggest updates for dependencies which are pinned from the RefArch side.
```

Author: In my opinion that's not a sentence

> The used presets from Renovate are described [here](https://docs.renovatebot.com/presets-default/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The used presets from Renovate are described in the according [Renovate documentation](https://docs.renovatebot.com/presets-default/).
```

                </rulesets>
            </configuration>
            <dependencies>
                <dependency>
                    <groupId>de.muenchen.refarch.tools</groupId>
                    <artifactId>refarch-pmd</artifactId>
                    <version>${refarch-tools.version}</version>
                </dependency>
            </dependencies>
            ...
        </plugin>
    </plugins>
</build>
```

## Renovate

The provided [Renovate](https://renovatebot.com) configuration [`refarch-renovate-config.json5`](https://github.com/it-at-m/refarch/blob/main/refarch-tools/refarch-renovate/refarch-renovate-config.json5) is based on the [it@M global Renovate configurations](https://github.com/it-at-m/.github/tree/main/renovate-configs).
Besides that there are some presets for tagging and restrictions for specific modules, so that Renovate doesn't suggest updates for dependencies which are pinned from the RefArch side.

The used presets from Renovate are described in the according [Renovate documentation](https://docs.renovatebot.com/presets-default/).

For using the preset a file `renovate.json5` with following content needs to be created in the repository root.

> The RefArch templates already include this file.

Author: @coderabbitai docs should always be in impersonal form
